feat: UtilityProcess API (#34980)
electron/electron: docs/api/process.md

* `browser` - The main process
* `renderer` - A renderer process
* `worker` - In a web worker

> * `utility_process` - In a node process launched as a service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `utility` - In a node process launched as a service
```

Author: https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/34980/commits/c04d850d38a50d3caeac0ddefd2ade34314b4970

world also has a separate JavaScript context.
This property is only available in the renderer process.

### `process.parentPort`

> A `MessagePort` if this is a [`UtilityProcess`](utility-process.md) allowing communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`MessagePortMain`](message-port-main.md) if this is a [`UtilityProcess`](utility-process.md) (or `null` otherwise), allowing communication
```

Reviewer: What happens if this port gets transferred to another process? Should that be possible?

Author: `parentPort` is not meant to be transferrable to another process, the current implementation exposes `parentPort` as an event emitter with certain properties of `MessagePort` added to it that allows communication with parent process. If the object gets transferred to another process I expect the `postMessage` calls to no-op. It also does not support `start` and `close` methods of `MessagePort`, I wonder if the `MessagePort` type is even a correct declaration. I should align the methods and events exposed on this object to match `MessagePortMain`.

```
interface ParentPort extends EventEmitter {
    postMessage(message: any): void;
    on(eventName: 'message', listener: (event: any, ports: any[]) => void): this;
}
```

Reviewer: Yeah, seems like an incorrect type then. I'm fine with it not being a "real" messageport (& thus non transferrable). We should probably have a mechanism for queuing messages until the process installs a listener though, see https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/34980#discussion_r980348345. MessagePort / MessagePortMain does this automatically under the hood, so we'll need to replicate that behavior.

with the parent process. Messages sent using `process.parentPort.postMessage` are available in
the parent process using [`utilityProcess.on('message')`](utility-process.md#event-message) and messages sent

> from the parent process using [`utilityProcess.postMessage()`](utility-process.md#childpostmessagemessage-transfer) are available

Reviewer: Similarly, is `utilityProcess` a `MessagePortMain`? If so, should it be transferrable? Perhaps not... but whatever we decide, it should probably be symmetric between the parent and child.

Author: Nope `utilityProcess` is not a `MessagePortMain` and also not meant to be transferrable. Do you have suggestions on how to make this clear in the documentation ?

Reviewer: If they're not MessagePorts let's not call them that :)

Author: https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/34980/commits/328ce01dadbf624898a94f448d805ed24adcb540
